[

', V. DOJ INFORMATION', 
ON REPRISALS FOR ZONA ROSA MURDERS',  ', 

', u"This Section answers SSCI's Question Eight, which states: ", 

', What specific action and or information does DOJ now have or
did it provide regarding any reprisal for the Zona Rosa terrorist
act? ', 

', DOJ had no information or documents concerning any alleged
United States military reprisal or Salvadoran military reprisal
for the Zona Rosa killings. ', 

', ___________________ ', 

', Michael R. Bromwich ', 

', September 19, 1996 ', 

',  ', 

',  ', 

', 

',  ', 

', CHRONOLOGY OF DOJ', 
ACTIONS AND', 
SIGNIFICANT EVENTS IN THE ZONA ROSA INVESTIGATION ', 

',  ', 

', June 19, 1985 -- Zona Rosa murders. ', 

', June 22, 1985 -- PRTC claims responsibility for the attack. ', 

', July 19, 1985 -- U.S. government announces $100,000 reward. ', 

', July 25, 1985 -- FBI Legat instructed to collect background
information on Zona Rosa murders. ', 

', July 25, 1985 -- FBI Legat requests FBI laboratory assistance
on behalf of Salvadoran investigators. ', 

', August 4, 1985 -- Garcia detained by the U.S. Border Patrol,
implicates Rivas and ', Ulises, ', and identifies ', Mario', 
as key figure in murders. ', 

', August 12, 1985 -- Rivas arrested and admits role as a shooter
in attack. Dimas arrested. ', 

', August 15, 1985 -- Garcia voluntarily deported to El Salvador.
', 

', August 20, 1985 -- Rivas signs statement admitting role in
attack. ', 

', August 24, 1985 -- CIA polygraphs Rivas. ', 

', August 30, 1985 -- Rivas, Dimas, and Garcia make statements at
press conference regarding their roles in attack. ', 

', January 17, 1986 -- Pedro Vladimer Rodriguez Guardado arrested
at safehouse and identifies ', Mario ', and ', Ulises ', as
retrieving guns two days before attack. ', 

', November 12, 1987 -- Salvadoran military court dismisses
charges against Rivas, Dimas, and Garcia on grounds of amnesty.
Release of prisoners stayed pending appeal. ', 

', November 19, 1987 -- DOJ prosecutors and FBI meet to develop
investigative plan if perpetrators are released. ', 

', December 11, 1987 -- DOJ officials meet with Salvadoran
Attorney General and Minister of Justice in Washington to ask for
Salvadoran cooperation in potential U.S. prosecution of the
suspects. ', 

', February 15, 1988 -- Trip to El Salvador by DOJ attorneys to
investigate case. ', 

', February 22, 1988 -- President Duarte overturns military court
decision dismissing case on basis of amnesty. ', 

', April 10, 1988 -- Second trip to El Salvador by DOJ attorneys.
', 

', April 20-23, 1988 -- Grand jury testimony by witnesses in
Washington, D.C. ', 

', July 13, 1988 -- Morales arrested by Salvadoran authorities
and confesses to being part of group that carried out the Zona
Rosa attack. ', 

', November 1, 1988 -- FBI Prosecutive Report completed. ', 

', November 10, 1988-- DOJ prosecutors obtain sealed criminal
complaint and warrant against Rivas. ', 

', May 29, 1989 -- Witness ', [REDACTED]',  brought to the U.S. ', 

', May 28, 1989 -- Pedro Antonio Andrade, head of Mardoqueo Cruz
Urban Commando, arrested on charges unrelated to murders and
admits he is ', Mario Gonzales', . ', 

', May 30, 1989 -- CIA requests FBI to run traces on Andrade. ', 

', May 30, 1989 -- CIA OGC informs AUSA of arrest of ', Mario
Gonzales', . ', 

', June 1, 1989 -- AUSA learns ', Mario Gonzales',  has been
identified by CIA as responsible for attack. ', 

', June 6-8, 1989 -- Andrade interviewed by FBI and Embassy Legal
Officer. ', 

', June 7, 1989 -- Interagency meeting at DOS, with DOJ and CIA
present, regarding prosecution of Andrade. ', 

', July 5, 1989 -- SIU administers polygraph to Andrade. Some of
his denials of involvement found to be "inconclusive." ', 

', July 20, 1989 -- Andrade re-polygraphed on three questions
that were inconclusive in first test. His denials of involvement
are reported to be truthful. ', 

', September 7, 1989 -- U.S. Ambassador tells DOS that amnesty is
being reconsidered and President Christiani may be willing to
expel Rivas and Garcia to the U.S. ', 

', September 11, 1989 -- Embassy cable to DOS states it has
concluded Andrade not involved in murders and requests that DOJ
decline to extradite or prosecute Andrade. ', 

', September 15, 1989 -- Grand jury issues sealed indictment
charging Rivas with violations of 18 U.S.C. Sections, 1116 and
1117. ', 

', u"September 27, 1989 -- Meeting between CIA and DOJ prosecutors
regarding Andrade's parole request. ", 

', September 29, 1989 -- Meeting between DOS and DOJ prosecutors
regarding Andrade parole request. ', 

', October 5, 1989 -- Interagency meeting between DOS, CIA and
DOJ on issue of Andrade parole. Agreement that parole will not be
granted absent further interagency meetings. ', 

', November and December 1989 -- DOJ Prosecutors review CIA files
and remain convinced of Andrade involvement in murders. ', 

', December 21, 1989 -- CIA OGC concludes there is substantial
intelligence implicating Andrade in the Zona Rosa attack. ', 

', u"December 22, 1989 -- CIA OGC notes DOJ's substantial objection
to parole of Andrade and recommends review of propriety of
continued CIA dealings with him. ", 

', January 3, 1990 -- CIA cable to Station states: "AUSA
believes Andrade involved despite polygraph results and any CIA
proposal to provide assistance to Andrade would be met with
strong resistance." ', 

', u"January 15, 1990 -- Salvadoran Judge authorizes Andrade's
release from prison upon completion of his debriefing. ", 

', January 23, 1990 -- CIA cable to Station states that CIA
review of intelligence information indicates Andrade probable
mastermind of Zona Rosa murders. ', 

', January 31, 1990 -- CIA OGC notifies DDO that DOJ and CIA OGC
have concluded that Andrade was heavily involved in the Zona Rosa
murders and advises against debriefing him unless benefits
outweigh possible adverse consequences. ', 

', March 27, 1990 -- Embassy sends parole request for Andrade to
DOS, with copies to CIA and FBI. ', 

', March 30, 1990 -- DOS takes request to INS and asks that the
matter be "considered to be within the appropriate
guidelines established for such cases." ', 

', April 3, 1990 -- FBI forwards parole request to WMFO and
Mexico City Legat. ', 

', April 24, 1990 -- INS grants Andrade parole. ', 

', June 19, 1990 -- Statute of limitations runs on United States
prosecution of Andrade. ', 

', June 28, 1990 -- Andrade enters the United States. ', 

', u"July 10, 1990 -- DOJ prosecutors learn of Andrade's parole. ", 

', April 30, 1991 -- Rivas convicted of Zona Rosa murders and
sentenced to 25 years. Garcia convicted of subversive association
and sentenced to 11 years (later reduced to 7 1/2 years). Dimas
convicted of subversive association and sentenced to four years
(served nearly seven). ', 

', March 5, 1992 -- Convictions of Rivas, Garcia and Dimas
affirmed by Salvadoran appeals court. ', 

', March 9, 1992 -- Dimas released from prison, having served his
sentence. ', 

', March 1993 -- Garcia released from prison, having served his
sentence. ', 

', August 18, 1993 -- Morales acquitted of charges and released
from prison. ', 

', May 21, 1995 -- "60 Minutes" reports that Gilberto
Osorio admitted to participation in the Zona Rosa attack. ', 

', June 21, 1995 -- DCI questioned regarding Osorio in closed
SSCI hearing. ', 

', September 7, 1995 -- Rivas is released under 1995 Salvadoran
law providing that minors cannot be sentenced to more than seven
years. ', 

', October 12, 1995 -- DOJ, CIA, and DOS brief SSCI on Osorio and
Andrade in closed hearing. ', 

', December 6, 1995 -- Osorio interviewed by FBI and denies any
involvement in the murders. ', 

', January 1996 -- INS begins collecting information in effort to
exclude Andrade from the U.S. ', 

', February 22, 1996 -- SSCI sends letter to Attorney General,
Secretary of State, Secretary of Defense, and Director of Central
Intelligence requesting a government-wide review of the response
to the Zona Rosa murders. ', 

', March 1996 -- FBI agent travels to El Salvador and reviews
evidence on Rivas, Osorio, and Andrade. ', 

', May 15, 1996 -- Rivas indictment unsealed. ', 

',  ', 

', 

', GLOSSARY',  OF TERMS AND
NAMES ', 

',  ', 

', AUSA, Assistant United States Attorney ', 

', ANDRADE, Pedro Antonio, Alias ', Mario Gonzales,',  alleged
mastermind of Zona Rosa killings. Paroled into U.S. in June 1990
for three years. ', 

', BIEHL, Dana, DOJ Criminal Division attorney assigned to Zona
Rosa prosecution (November 1987 - present). ', 

', BIROS, Mark, AUSA assigned to Zona Rosa prosecution (November
1987 -January 1988). ', 

', BOLANOS Rivas, Jose Antonio, Alias ', Macias', , one of the
four gunmen in attack, never captured. ', 

', u"CHARGE D'AFFAIRS, Head of U.S. Embassy when an ambassador has
not been confirmed. ", 

', CIA, Central Intelligence Agency. ', 

', COS, Chief of CIA Station. ', 

', CAFE DON PEDRO, Cafe where assailants allegedly met before the
massacre. ', 

', [REDACTED]',  ', [REDACTED]',  ', 

', CANDAUX, Mary Jane, Attorney, INS Office of General Counsel. ', 

', CHIDESTER, Richard, DOS Legal Officer in El Salvador (March
1989 - June 1991). ', 

', u"CHILI'S, Restaurant where U.S. Marines were killed. ", 

', CORREA, Carlos, Attorney, DOJ Office of International Affairs
(1987 - 1989). ', 

', u"DCM, Deputy Chief of Mission at U.S. Embassy. Second in
command under the Ambassador or Charge d'Affairs. ", 

', DCS, Deputy Chief of CIA Station. ', 

', DOD, Department of Defense ', 

', DOJ, Department of Justice ', 

', DOS, Department of State ', 

', DEPUE, John Attorney, DOJ Criminal Division. ', 

', DIAZ, Nidia, Guerrilla leader captured in 1985. ', 

', DICKSON, Bobby J., U.S. Marine killed in attack. ', 

', DIETERICK, William "Jeff", Deputy Chief of Mission,
U.S. Embassy in El Salvador (August 1989 - June 1992). ', 

', DIMAS Aguilar, Jose Abraham, PRTC guerilla who was arrested,
charged, and convicted in El Salvador for subversive association.
', 

', DIMAS Aguilar, Ismael, Alias ', Ulises', , gunman in Zona
Rosa attack. Believed to have been killed in a battle with the
Salvadoran military at the Guazapo Volcano. ', 

', DURAN, Mario Americo, Alias Commadante Hugo, guerrilla leader
captured by the Salvadorans. ', 

', FBI, Federal Bureau of Investigation. ', 

', FMLN, See Farabundo Marti National Liberation Front. ', 

', FARABUNDO MARTI NATIONAL LIBERATION FRONTA, Marxist-Leninist
guerrilla organization. ', 

', [REDACTED]',  ', [REDACTED]',  ', 

', u"FRANK, Robin, Attorney, DOS Law Enforcement and Intelligence
Section of Legal Advisor's Office (March 1987 -March 1990). ", 

', u"GALVIN, General John, Commander of the U.S. Military's
Southern Command (1987 - 1989). ", 

', GANNON, Joseph, FBI Legat, Mexico City. ', 

', GARCIA Melendez, Juan Miguel, Arrested entering U.S. in 1985.
Deported to El Salvador and charged and convicted of subversive
association. ', 

', u"GENERAL LITIGATION and ADVICE SECTION (GLAAS), Section of
DOJ's Criminal Division that handled terrorism matters before the
creation of the Terrorism and Violent Crime Section. ", 

', GONZALES, Mario, Alias of Pedro Andrade. ', 

', HANDWORK, Thomas J., U.S. Marine killed in attack. ', 

', HANNON, J. Michael, Jr., AUSA assigned to Zona Rosa
prosecution (January - December, 1988). ', 

', [REDACTED] [REDACTED]',  ', 

', JOVEL Urquilla, Francisco Alberto, Alias ', Commander Roca', ,
believed to be the head of the PRTC. ', 

', JULIO', , Gunman killed at the scene of the attack.
Tentatively identified as Jose Roberto SALAZAR Mendoza. ', 

', KIEFER, Jim, Immigration Officer, INS Office of International
Affairs. Approved Andrade parole. ', 

', KWIATOWSKI, Patrick, U.S. Marine killed in attack. ', 

', [REDACTED] [REDACTED]',  ', 

', LEGAT, FBI Legal Attache office in a foreign country. ', 

', LUJAN, Gladys, Chief, DOS Visa Office in March 1990. ', 

', [REDACTED] [REDACTED]',  ', 

', MACIAS', , Alias of Jose Antonio Bolanos Rivas. ', 

', MARDOQUEO CRUZ, Branch of PRTC believed to be responsible for
the attack. ', 

', MARROQUIN, Roberto Ernesto Sanchez, Alleged leader of PRTC
interviewed by FBI in Houston, Texas. ', 

', [REDACTED] [REDACTED]',  ', 

', MARTINEZ, Rogelio, Alias of Jose Manuel Melgar. ', 

', MASSFERRER Valladeres, Jose ', 

', Anibal PRTC leader, provided information on ', Mario Gonzales', 
to CIA liaison. ', 

', [REDACTED] [REDACTED]',  ', 

', MELGAR, Jose Manuel, Alias ', Rogelio Martinez', , claimed by
Andrade to be the mastermind of the Zona Rosa attack. ', 

', MORALES, Juan Antonio Lucero, Arrested in 1988, allegedly
confessed to providing security in attack. Acquitted by
Salvadoran court in 1993. ', 

', MOTLEY, Langhorne Anthony, Assistant Secretary of State for
American Republic Affairs in June 1985. ', 

', MURTAGH, Brian, AUSA assigned to Zona Rosa prosecution
(December 1988 -present). ', 

', u"PASSAGE, David, Deputy Charge d'Affairs, U.S. Embassy in El
Salvador (June 1984 -June 1986). ", 

', PRTC, Partido Revolucionaria de los Trabajadores
Centroamericano -- one of the five branches of the Farabundo
Marti National Liberation Front (FMLN). ', 

', ORELLANA Mena, Axel Orlando, PRTC military commander captured
by Salvadorans who gave information on ', Mario Gonzales', . ', 

', OSORIO, Gilberto, U.S. citizen involved in guerrilla fighting
in El Salvador. "60 Minutes" alleged he admitted
involvement in Zona Rosa killings. ', 

', [REDACTED]',  ', [REDACTED]',  in Zona Rosa cafe,
identified Rivas in a line-up. ', 

', PEPE', , Alias of guerrilla involved in attack. True name
unknown. ', 

', RIVAS Bolanos, William Celio, Gunman in attack. Prosecuted in
El Salvador and received 25 years, but served only 10. Indicted
in U.S. ', 

', RODRIGUEZ Guardado, Pedro Vladimir, Arrested by Salvadorans at
a house with a large guerrilla arms cache. ', 

', RUANO, David Wilber Villalta, Arrested at upholstery shop when
Rivas was arrested. Later released. ', 

', SALAZAR Mendoza, Jose Roberto, Believed to be true name of ', Julio', ,
gunman killed at the scene of the attack. ', 

', SIU, See Special Investigative Unit. ', 

', SPECIAL INVESTIGATIVE UNIT, Salvadoran law enforcement unit
trained by U.S. law enforcement agencies. ', 

', u"SURENA, Andre, Attorney, DOS Law Enforcement and Intelligence
Section of Legal Advisor's Office. ", 

', u"TERRORISM and VIOLENT CRIME SECTION, Section of DOJ's Criminal
Division. ", 

', TVCS, See Terrorism and Violent Crime Section. ', 

', ULISES,',  Alias of Ismael Dimas Aguilar. ', 

', WALKER, Ambassador William, U.S. Ambassador to El Salvador
(August 1988 - March 1992). ', 

', WALTER', , Allegedly provided security during Zona Rosa
attack. True name unknown. Believed to have been killed in a
battle with the Salvadoran military at the Guazapo Volcano. ', 

', [REDACTED] [REDACTED]',  ', 

', WEBER, Gregory O., U.S. Marine killed in attack. ', 

', u"WMFO, FBI's Washington Metropolitan Field Office. ", 

', ZELAYA, Gerardo, Alias for Gilberto Osorio. ', 

', ZONA ROSA, "The Pink Zone," restaurant
and shopping district in San Salvador. ', 

', ##### ', 
'][

', V. DOJ INFORMATION', 
ON REPRISALS FOR ZONA ROSA MURDERS',  ', 

', u"This Section answers SSCI's Question Eight, which states: ", 

', What specific action and or information does DOJ now have or
did it provide regarding any reprisal for the Zona Rosa terrorist
act? ', 

', DOJ had no information or documents concerning any alleged
United States military reprisal or Salvadoran military reprisal
for the Zona Rosa killings. ', 

', ___________________ ', 

', Michael R. Bromwich ', 

', September 19, 1996 ', 

',  ', 

',  ', 

', 

',  ', 

', CHRONOLOGY OF DOJ', 
ACTIONS AND', 
SIGNIFICANT EVENTS IN THE ZONA ROSA INVESTIGATION ', 

',  ', 

', June 19, 1985 -- Zona Rosa murders. ', 

', June 22, 1985 -- PRTC claims responsibility for the attack. ', 

', July 19, 1985 -- U.S. government announces $100,000 reward. ', 

', July 25, 1985 -- FBI Legat instructed to collect background
information on Zona Rosa murders. ', 

', July 25, 1985 -- FBI Legat requests FBI laboratory assistance
on behalf of Salvadoran investigators. ', 

', August 4, 1985 -- Garcia detained by the U.S. Border Patrol,
implicates Rivas and ', Ulises, ', and identifies ', Mario', 
as key figure in murders. ', 

', August 12, 1985 -- Rivas arrested and admits role as a shooter
in attack. Dimas arrested. ', 

', August 15, 1985 -- Garcia voluntarily deported to El Salvador.
', 

', August 20, 1985 -- Rivas signs statement admitting role in
attack. ', 

', August 24, 1985 -- CIA polygraphs Rivas. ', 

', August 30, 1985 -- Rivas, Dimas, and Garcia make statements at
press conference regarding their roles in attack. ', 

', January 17, 1986 -- Pedro Vladimer Rodriguez Guardado arrested
at safehouse and identifies ', Mario ', and ', Ulises ', as
retrieving guns two days before attack. ', 

', November 12, 1987 -- Salvadoran military court dismisses
charges against Rivas, Dimas, and Garcia on grounds of amnesty.
Release of prisoners stayed pending appeal. ', 

', November 19, 1987 -- DOJ prosecutors and FBI meet to develop
investigative plan if perpetrators are released. ', 

', December 11, 1987 -- DOJ officials meet with Salvadoran
Attorney General and Minister of Justice in Washington to ask for
Salvadoran cooperation in potential U.S. prosecution of the
suspects. ', 

', February 15, 1988 -- Trip to El Salvador by DOJ attorneys to
investigate case. ', 

', February 22, 1988 -- President Duarte overturns military court
decision dismissing case on basis of amnesty. ', 

', April 10, 1988 -- Second trip to El Salvador by DOJ attorneys.
', 

', April 20-23, 1988 -- Grand jury testimony by witnesses in
Washington, D.C. ', 

', July 13, 1988 -- Morales arrested by Salvadoran authorities
and confesses to being part of group that carried out the Zona
Rosa attack. ', 

', November 1, 1988 -- FBI Prosecutive Report completed. ', 

', November 10, 1988-- DOJ prosecutors obtain sealed criminal
complaint and warrant against Rivas. ', 

', May 29, 1989 -- Witness ', [REDACTED]',  brought to the U.S. ', 

', May 28, 1989 -- Pedro Antonio Andrade, head of Mardoqueo Cruz
Urban Commando, arrested on charges unrelated to murders and
admits he is ', Mario Gonzales', . ', 

', May 30, 1989 -- CIA requests FBI to run traces on Andrade. ', 

', May 30, 1989 -- CIA OGC informs AUSA of arrest of ', Mario
Gonzales', . ', 

', June 1, 1989 -- AUSA learns ', Mario Gonzales',  has been
identified by CIA as responsible for attack. ', 

', June 6-8, 1989 -- Andrade interviewed by FBI and Embassy Legal
Officer. ', 

', June 7, 1989 -- Interagency meeting at DOS, with DOJ and CIA
present, regarding prosecution of Andrade. ', 

', July 5, 1989 -- SIU administers polygraph to Andrade. Some of
his denials of involvement found to be "inconclusive." ', 

', July 20, 1989 -- Andrade re-polygraphed on three questions
that were inconclusive in first test. His denials of involvement
are reported to be truthful. ', 

', September 7, 1989 -- U.S. Ambassador tells DOS that amnesty is
being reconsidered and President Christiani may be willing to
expel Rivas and Garcia to the U.S. ', 

', September 11, 1989 -- Embassy cable to DOS states it has
concluded Andrade not involved in murders and requests that DOJ
decline to extradite or prosecute Andrade. ', 

', September 15, 1989 -- Grand jury issues sealed indictment
charging Rivas with violations of 18 U.S.C. Sections, 1116 and
1117. ', 

', u"September 27, 1989 -- Meeting between CIA and DOJ prosecutors
regarding Andrade's parole request. ", 

', September 29, 1989 -- Meeting between DOS and DOJ prosecutors
regarding Andrade parole request. ', 

', October 5, 1989 -- Interagency meeting between DOS, CIA and
DOJ on issue of Andrade parole. Agreement that parole will not be
granted absent further interagency meetings. ', 

', November and December 1989 -- DOJ Prosecutors review CIA files
and remain convinced of Andrade involvement in murders. ', 

', December 21, 1989 -- CIA OGC concludes there is substantial
intelligence implicating Andrade in the Zona Rosa attack. ', 

', u"December 22, 1989 -- CIA OGC notes DOJ's substantial objection
to parole of Andrade and recommends review of propriety of
continued CIA dealings with him. ", 

', January 3, 1990 -- CIA cable to Station states: "AUSA
believes Andrade involved despite polygraph results and any CIA
proposal to provide assistance to Andrade would be met with
strong resistance." ', 

', u"January 15, 1990 -- Salvadoran Judge authorizes Andrade's
release from prison upon completion of his debriefing. ", 

', January 23, 1990 -- CIA cable to Station states that CIA
review of intelligence information indicates Andrade probable
mastermind of Zona Rosa murders. ', 

', January 31, 1990 -- CIA OGC notifies DDO that DOJ and CIA OGC
have concluded that Andrade was heavily involved in the Zona Rosa
murders and advises against debriefing him unless benefits
outweigh possible adverse consequences. ', 

', March 27, 1990 -- Embassy sends parole request for Andrade to
DOS, with copies to CIA and FBI. ', 

', March 30, 1990 -- DOS takes request to INS and asks that the
matter be "considered to be within the appropriate
guidelines established for such cases." ', 

', April 3, 1990 -- FBI forwards parole request to WMFO and
Mexico City Legat. ', 

', April 24, 1990 -- INS grants Andrade parole. ', 

', June 19, 1990 -- Statute of limitations runs on United States
prosecution of Andrade. ', 

', June 28, 1990 -- Andrade enters the United States. ', 

', u"July 10, 1990 -- DOJ prosecutors learn of Andrade's parole. ", 

', April 30, 1991 -- Rivas convicted of Zona Rosa murders and
sentenced to 25 years. Garcia convicted of subversive association
and sentenced to 11 years (later reduced to 7 1/2 years). Dimas
convicted of subversive association and sentenced to four years
(served nearly seven). ', 

', March 5, 1992 -- Convictions of Rivas, Garcia and Dimas
affirmed by Salvadoran appeals court. ', 

', March 9, 1992 -- Dimas released from prison, having served his
sentence. ', 

', March 1993 -- Garcia released from prison, having served his
sentence. ', 

', August 18, 1993 -- Morales acquitted of charges and released
from prison. ', 

', May 21, 1995 -- "60 Minutes" reports that Gilberto
Osorio admitted to participation in the Zona Rosa attack. ', 

', June 21, 1995 -- DCI questioned regarding Osorio in closed
SSCI hearing. ', 

', September 7, 1995 -- Rivas is released under 1995 Salvadoran
law providing that minors cannot be sentenced to more than seven
years. ', 

', October 12, 1995 -- DOJ, CIA, and DOS brief SSCI on Osorio and
Andrade in closed hearing. ', 

', December 6, 1995 -- Osorio interviewed by FBI and denies any
involvement in the murders. ', 

', January 1996 -- INS begins collecting information in effort to
exclude Andrade from the U.S. ', 

', February 22, 1996 -- SSCI sends letter to Attorney General,
Secretary of State, Secretary of Defense, and Director of Central
Intelligence requesting a government-wide review of the response
to the Zona Rosa murders. ', 

', March 1996 -- FBI agent travels to El Salvador and reviews
evidence on Rivas, Osorio, and Andrade. ', 

', May 15, 1996 -- Rivas indictment unsealed. ', 

',  ', 

', 

', GLOSSARY',  OF TERMS AND
NAMES ', 

',  ', 

', AUSA, Assistant United States Attorney ', 

', ANDRADE, Pedro Antonio, Alias ', Mario Gonzales,',  alleged
mastermind of Zona Rosa killings. Paroled into U.S. in June 1990
for three years. ', 

', BIEHL, Dana, DOJ Criminal Division attorney assigned to Zona
Rosa prosecution (November 1987 - present). ', 

', BIROS, Mark, AUSA assigned to Zona Rosa prosecution (November
1987 -January 1988). ', 

', BOLANOS Rivas, Jose Antonio, Alias ', Macias', , one of the
four gunmen in attack, never captured. ', 

', u"CHARGE D'AFFAIRS, Head of U.S. Embassy when an ambassador has
not been confirmed. ", 

', CIA, Central Intelligence Agency. ', 

', COS, Chief of CIA Station. ', 

', CAFE DON PEDRO, Cafe where assailants allegedly met before the
massacre. ', 

', [REDACTED]',  ', [REDACTED]',  ', 

', CANDAUX, Mary Jane, Attorney, INS Office of General Counsel. ', 

', CHIDESTER, Richard, DOS Legal Officer in El Salvador (March
1989 - June 1991). ', 

', u"CHILI'S, Restaurant where U.S. Marines were killed. ", 

', CORREA, Carlos, Attorney, DOJ Office of International Affairs
(1987 - 1989). ', 

', u"DCM, Deputy Chief of Mission at U.S. Embassy. Second in
command under the Ambassador or Charge d'Affairs. ", 

', DCS, Deputy Chief of CIA Station. ', 

', DOD, Department of Defense ', 

', DOJ, Department of Justice ', 

', DOS, Department of State ', 

', DEPUE, John Attorney, DOJ Criminal Division. ', 

', DIAZ, Nidia, Guerrilla leader captured in 1985. ', 

', DICKSON, Bobby J., U.S. Marine killed in attack. ', 

', DIETERICK, William "Jeff", Deputy Chief of Mission,
U.S. Embassy in El Salvador (August 1989 - June 1992). ', 

', DIMAS Aguilar, Jose Abraham, PRTC guerilla who was arrested,
charged, and convicted in El Salvador for subversive association.
', 

', DIMAS Aguilar, Ismael, Alias ', Ulises', , gunman in Zona
Rosa attack. Believed to have been killed in a battle with the
Salvadoran military at the Guazapo Volcano. ', 

', DURAN, Mario Americo, Alias Commadante Hugo, guerrilla leader
captured by the Salvadorans. ', 

', FBI, Federal Bureau of Investigation. ', 

', FMLN, See Farabundo Marti National Liberation Front. ', 

', FARABUNDO MARTI NATIONAL LIBERATION FRONTA, Marxist-Leninist
guerrilla organization. ', 

', [REDACTED]',  ', [REDACTED]',  ', 

', u"FRANK, Robin, Attorney, DOS Law Enforcement and Intelligence
Section of Legal Advisor's Office (March 1987 -March 1990). ", 

', u"GALVIN, General John, Commander of the U.S. Military's
Southern Command (1987 - 1989). ", 

', GANNON, Joseph, FBI Legat, Mexico City. ', 

', GARCIA Melendez, Juan Miguel, Arrested entering U.S. in 1985.
Deported to El Salvador and charged and convicted of subversive
association. ', 

', u"GENERAL LITIGATION and ADVICE SECTION (GLAAS), Section of
DOJ's Criminal Division that handled terrorism matters before the
creation of the Terrorism and Violent Crime Section. ", 

', GONZALES, Mario, Alias of Pedro Andrade. ', 

', HANDWORK, Thomas J., U.S. Marine killed in attack. ', 

', HANNON, J. Michael, Jr., AUSA assigned to Zona Rosa
prosecution (January - December, 1988). ', 

', [REDACTED] [REDACTED]',  ', 

', JOVEL Urquilla, Francisco Alberto, Alias ', Commander Roca', ,
believed to be the head of the PRTC. ', 

', JULIO', , Gunman killed at the scene of the attack.
Tentatively identified as Jose Roberto SALAZAR Mendoza. ', 

', KIEFER, Jim, Immigration Officer, INS Office of International
Affairs. Approved Andrade parole. ', 

', KWIATOWSKI, Patrick, U.S. Marine killed in attack. ', 

', [REDACTED] [REDACTED]',  ', 

', LEGAT, FBI Legal Attache office in a foreign country. ', 

', LUJAN, Gladys, Chief, DOS Visa Office in March 1990. ', 

', [REDACTED] [REDACTED]',  ', 

', MACIAS', , Alias of Jose Antonio Bolanos Rivas. ', 

', MARDOQUEO CRUZ, Branch of PRTC believed to be responsible for
the attack. ', 

', MARROQUIN, Roberto Ernesto Sanchez, Alleged leader of PRTC
interviewed by FBI in Houston, Texas. ', 

', [REDACTED] [REDACTED]',  ', 

', MARTINEZ, Rogelio, Alias of Jose Manuel Melgar. ', 

', MASSFERRER Valladeres, Jose ', 

', Anibal PRTC leader, provided information on ', Mario Gonzales', 
to CIA liaison. ', 

', [REDACTED] [REDACTED]',  ', 

', MELGAR, Jose Manuel, Alias ', Rogelio Martinez', , claimed by
Andrade to be the mastermind of the Zona Rosa attack. ', 

', MORALES, Juan Antonio Lucero, Arrested in 1988, allegedly
confessed to providing security in attack. Acquitted by
Salvadoran court in 1993. ', 

', MOTLEY, Langhorne Anthony, Assistant Secretary of State for
American Republic Affairs in June 1985. ', 

', MURTAGH, Brian, AUSA assigned to Zona Rosa prosecution
(December 1988 -present). ', 

', u"PASSAGE, David, Deputy Charge d'Affairs, U.S. Embassy in El
Salvador (June 1984 -June 1986). ", 

', PRTC, Partido Revolucionaria de los Trabajadores
Centroamericano -- one of the five branches of the Farabundo
Marti National Liberation Front (FMLN). ', 

', ORELLANA Mena, Axel Orlando, PRTC military commander captured
by Salvadorans who gave information on ', Mario Gonzales', . ', 

', OSORIO, Gilberto, U.S. citizen involved in guerrilla fighting
in El Salvador. "60 Minutes" alleged he admitted
involvement in Zona Rosa killings. ', 

', [REDACTED]',  ', [REDACTED]',  in Zona Rosa cafe,
identified Rivas in a line-up. ', 

', PEPE', , Alias of guerrilla involved in attack. True name
unknown. ', 

', RIVAS Bolanos, William Celio, Gunman in attack. Prosecuted in
El Salvador and received 25 years, but served only 10. Indicted
in U.S. ', 

', RODRIGUEZ Guardado, Pedro Vladimir, Arrested by Salvadorans at
a house with a large guerrilla arms cache. ', 

', RUANO, David Wilber Villalta, Arrested at upholstery shop when
Rivas was arrested. Later released. ', 

', SALAZAR Mendoza, Jose Roberto, Believed to be true name of ', Julio', ,
gunman killed at the scene of the attack. ', 

', SIU, See Special Investigative Unit. ', 

', SPECIAL INVESTIGATIVE UNIT, Salvadoran law enforcement unit
trained by U.S. law enforcement agencies. ', 

', u"SURENA, Andre, Attorney, DOS Law Enforcement and Intelligence
Section of Legal Advisor's Office. ", 

', u"TERRORISM and VIOLENT CRIME SECTION, Section of DOJ's Criminal
Division. ", 

', TVCS, See Terrorism and Violent Crime Section. ', 

', ULISES,',  Alias of Ismael Dimas Aguilar. ', 

', WALKER, Ambassador William, U.S. Ambassador to El Salvador
(August 1988 - March 1992). ', 

', WALTER', , Allegedly provided security during Zona Rosa
attack. True name unknown. Believed to have been killed in a
battle with the Salvadoran military at the Guazapo Volcano. ', 

', [REDACTED] [REDACTED]',  ', 

', WEBER, Gregory O., U.S. Marine killed in attack. ', 

', u"WMFO, FBI's Washington Metropolitan Field Office. ", 

', ZELAYA, Gerardo, Alias for Gilberto Osorio. ', 

', ZONA ROSA, "The Pink Zone," restaurant
and shopping district in San Salvador. ', 

', ##### ', 
']